amici enjoy television con tema time
warp italy la prima dzo nakano mr.
Ritchie OT in hi how are you good nice
to see you guys again thank you so here
we are in Italy eerie are in Milan for
the first edition of Time Warp so tell
me what do you think about this well I
just walked in the building so I can't
give my whole you know if you yet but
just coming from the outside was
reminding me of the time warp in
Mannheim and seeing all the people you
know there's a lot of excitement a lot
of anticipation and I think it's amazing
that you know Stefan and the whole time
warp team have brought their production
to Italy to give another viewpoint and
to give another exciting night
why you said that to give another point
of view of this even well you know it's
there's many large-scale parties all
over the world and each promoter has a
different idea of what a good party is
they have a different production team
different ideas about light different
ideas about sound and you can't you
can't really say this one is better or
that one is better they're all different
and I think what time warp is shown over
the last 10 20 years is that they have a
very special idea about what a big party
should be
you prefer play in a club or in a
festival like this you know I I like
playing everywhere you know whether it's
a small club with 200 people or tonight
with five or ten thousand people you
know I think I think it's easier to play
in a small club because yeah it's easy
to connect to the people when you go to
a large-scale party it becomes harder
and it's more important that the
promoters and the Technic and everything
is right but when it is done right a
large party is incredible you can hear
in the background the people screaming
so I think we're going to have a really
fun thing crazy for you tell ya I think
so there will be another appointment
with Time Warp Nolan's in December the
10 december will you be there I'll be
there for sure actually and and the time
warp in Holland oh and hi and Holland
and time warp in Holland we're going to
present probably a few little surprises
tell me tell me tell me something no no
there's nothing I can tell you that's
already I told you too much already
you are now you are present the plastic
man live 1.5 explain me yeah we'll be
doing plastic than 1.5 in december and
terrine torino and 1.5 is is the update
of the show to make the show what we
wanted it to be when we started it
because of course when you make a brand
new performance like this you have an
idea in your head but the first shows
are always testing things and fixing and
trying to find your your way it's like
you know getting a new bike it's a bike
you always wanted but for the first
little while it doesn't ride like you
expect you know you have to put maybe
new tires on and you know fix the brakes
and then suddenly you really you find
your you find your groove I'm Plastic
Man is like that now 1.5 is us finding
our groove and presenting the show you
know to the people
the difference when you play like rich
yo teen and when you play with like a
plastic man why you know richie hawtin
is a very direct it's with the people
you know you see me I'm kind of the
filter of music and playing records from
all people it's a bit of a you know it's
a party atmosphere Plastic Man is more
introverted more cerebral it's you know
it's it's just different it's some
people say to me a husband is more
experimental I don't know it's it's more
of an overall experience your project
for the winter the tell me something my
project for the winter is actually after
the plastic mentor I'll probably
disappear for three four or five months
and just take time off working on music
working on a big project that we have
ready for next year and preparing to you
know come back with full energy
just a last question I was looking at
your fingers this is just yeah this is
just like something i started in the
beginning of the year my friend was
making these from Paris and we're
playing with ideas and designs so I'm
always wearing that fashion yeah so
thank you so much yes Italy just fashion
see you next time see you next time warp
on enjoy television thank you very much
hi this is richie hawtin and we're at
time warp italy in milan and you're
watching enjoy TV